# AWS Credential Manager

A small utility application useful for managing [Amazon Web
Services](https://aws.amazon.com) credentials in a multi-account AWS environment
accessed via Single Sign-On (SSO).

## Background

I'm not sure how SSO is handled with AWS in other organizations but
in the environment I work in, upon signing in to AWS via SSO we're presented
with a list of available AWS accounts and, for each role in the account, the
option to open the AWS management console or obtain time-limited credentials for
programmatic access, in the form of a standard AWS Access Key ID and Secret
Access Key, along with a Session Token. These credentials are presented in
various ways to make it easier to use them directly in a shell via environment
variables, copy directly to a standard .aws/credentials file, or past into code.

I found it useful, when working in multiple accounts simultaneously or switching
between accounts frequently, to keep a standard set of account names in my
.aws/credentials file and simply update those standard accounts in my
credentials file with a current set of credentials. This makes it far easier to
remember what value to use for a --profile argument while using AWS CLI or SAM
commands as I can use, for example --profile sandbox instead of the name
generated by the SSO console, which would be far less user-friendly.

## Install

To install, first clone the repository

``` 
git clone https://github.com/ntnunk/aws_credential_manager.git
```

This application requires [wxPython](https://www.wxpython.org) and the [AWS SDK
for Python](https://aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-python/). These can be installed via
the requirements file.

```
cd /path/to/repository
python -m pip install -r ./requirements.txt
```

## Usage

Run the application.

```
./app.py
```

Copy either the AWS environment variable credentials (the application will
accept any of the formats, macOS/Linux, Windows, or Powershell) or the
credentials file variables to the clipboard. This should be possible just by
clicking on one or the other in the SSO role popup. Paste into the large text
box at the top of the application window. Select, or type, a profile name in
the "Account Name" text/combo box. If an existing profile is selected via the
combo box, the AWS Region will automatically be filled in. If a profile is
entered manually it will be created if it doesn't exist.

Type or select the AWS region to be associated with the profile.

Click "Cancel" to exit without saving, "Save" to safe the profile to the
.aws/crecredentials file while leaving the application open (this is useful if
multiple accounts need to be updated) or "Save & Close" to save the credentials
file and exit.

## Contributing 

Pull Requests are accepted.

## License

MIT © Noel Nunkovich

